the Israeli Army has released a group of
at least eight Palestinian prisoners in
central Gaza many show signs of torture
they were taken by ambulance to alaxa
hospital in De albala Israeli forces had
been holding them in offer prison in the
occupied West Bank let's turn to hin
kadari she's in De abala in central Gaza
Hinn what more can you tell us about the
release of these Palestinian prisoners
well eight Palestinian prisoners have
been received and transferred here to Al
AA hospital they were came from narim
and they were inur prison the last stop
wasur prison there eight among them are
two women they were detained in
different areas we saw a Palestinian
woman who was uh detained in the West
Bank another man who was detained in uh
Karim Shalom he was a truck driver and
we also met a
17-year-old K Lo who was detained
from all of th those who were prisoned
are saying that they were tortured they
were threatened uh they were deprived
from clo from clothes from medicine from
talking to their families most of the
families who came here and saw uh their
their their their relatives and their
beloved ones did not even know anything
about them the all that time the time
they were arrested what's more breaking
heartbreaking is the families of the
Palestinians that have family members
still missing they came and started
asking about those those prisoners
about about their their their their
beloved ones if they know them if they
heard their names because they know
nothing about them so people who were uh
uh freed started telling those
Palestinian families if they know
anything about their relatives but
they're all draining they're exhausted
some of them were not even able to walk
on their feet because they're very very
very tired and they have been tortured
uh during the
interrogation we can see the distress of
these uh Palestinian prisoners in the
pictures that are showing on our screen
uh meanwhile there have been more
attacks on Gaza City H what can you tell
us about
those well the most escalating area and
it's intensifying in kanun and earlier
today the Israeli forces announced that
they were able to retrieve five bodies
of dead Israelis most of these uh uh uh
according to uh like the the Israeli
media they said that those were killed
on October 7 and then their bodies their
dead bodies were in kanun we do not know
details about the operation but this is
is what the Israeli media announced
another thing is that's why this uh
ground operation sudden ground operation
in kenun took place where the Israeli
forces gave only minutes for the
Palestinians to evacuate their houses
however arery shelling continues air
strike continues and not only in the Red
Zone uh that has been announced by the
Israeli forces but also in different
parts ofun in RAF the ground operation
continues in in the middle area in the
middle area the Israeli forces targeted
a house in Al at least seven were
injured and in the Gaza City there was a
house uh that was uh uh uh targeted also
four palestin were killed so from the
north to the South the middle area all
areas across the Gaza Strip has been
Target is being targeted actually okay
thank you for that update hin kadari
there in De Al
Bala make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Z